hey guys this is DMC here with HSBC for
the Hong Kong Sevens for a little bit of
magic away from the pitch let's play
we are important to stripe myself and
gave we're about to head into this fancy
dress slop and make sure that we get the
right kit for Saturday because Saturday
is all about fancy dress and you got to
get in the spirit this is Lola cool so
we've been talking and asked you wave
like this wait no way yeah well here we
are a gram Streeter it's very well known
for fruit and veg and we're gonna walk
up with Drummond that there to see what
the locals take to some of his magic
tricks
grab a card remember the card and you're
busy sure to camera
listen please sit back inside maybe like
yeah
ready I am ready I'm watching you very
carefully what's going on
hahahaha nothing there is nothing that
things let's go
please no she doesn't believe it either
Oh No well it's George's no don't me
take it take a look inside Joe reveals
everyone oh is this name that was very
impressed that he's come up here it's
sensational it's a respect of the
highest or an obvious look at thank you
very much we're keep everybody is really
verbal unbelievable